All right, so
let's make our app come alive with actors.
So we are going to go
to lesson 9 actors and
make this actually work.
So we have to do a couple things.
First we have to invoke a promise.
And so
this is going to be that invoke syntax,
where we have invoke,
we specify in a source.
And so that source is going to be
something that returns this loadSong.
And actually,
we could just have this be loadSong
just because it's the same
thing as doing this.
But yeah, we'll just keep it as this.
And so when this loadSong is done,
then we want to transition
to the ready.hist target.
And we also wants to
assign that song data.
So that's going to be
if we remember we have
this assignSongData right over here,
so, we are going to assignSongData.
Now let's see if this works.
Well looks like it does work.
So when I reload after a second, it gives
us a random song with a random duration.
But this isn't quite working yet.
So now let's add that,
we're done with this.
And now we want to invoke
in this ready state,
we are going to invoke the audio callback.
So, I'm going to give this
an idea of audio just so
that we can send events to it.
And we're also going to give it
a source of this invokeAudioCallback,
which already has this part here for
taking in the context and the events.
So, we could use it directly.
InvokeAudio, and this is not going
to take onDone or onError or
anything like that,
just because this is a continuous thing.
And something to mention here too,
in this audio callback,
we're receiving an event and
doing something based on whether we
receive a play or
pause event from the machine.
But, it's also good to do some cleanup.
And I want to just make sure that
the cleanup function is being called.
So I'm just going to pretend that this
disposes of the event listener here and
does any other things that we
need to do to clean it up.
All right, so now that should be working.
So when I press PLAY and PAUSE,
nothing's happening quite yet.
And the reason is because we have this,
yeah, we have to assign the time.
And actually, it should be sending
that assign time over there.
So let's just make sure
that that's working.
Yep, we have sent back audio.time.
And that's because right now,
nothing is playing.
We haven't sent that play
event to the audio and so
we need to just hook those up and
then everything should work.
So we are going to send,
make sure we have the send function, yes.
Okay, so
we're going to send the play event and
we're gonna send it to the audio and
we're gonna just specify the ID of that.
And so
we're gonna be doing the same with PAUSE.
So again, we are specifying that the
playAudio action sends the play event to
the audio, the pauseAudio action
sends the pause event to the audio.
So let's try it out.
We're paused right now.
If we play,
you see this is actually counting down.
And so this is working.
Now if we pause, it pauses because
it's telling the audio to pause.
So it's going to do the right thing and
not send it any time update events.
Now check this out, if I skip a song
notice how the cleanup function is called.
And the cleanup function is called
because we are going out of
the of the ready states.
And so this invokeAudio is
going to be disposed and so
when it's disposed,
the dispose function gets called.
And it's no longer active when
it's outside of the ready state.
So we load the next song, and
then we start invoking the audio again.
So you see even while it's playing,
We're going to skip the song.
I'm logging way too many things,
so I skipped the song.
It does the clean up and
then it's going to go to the next song and
do our previous behavior of having
those history states in there.
So now this is a fully
functional media player.
We could even click here to dislike
the song and then go to the next song.
And we could of course toggle
the volume on and off,
just like we've done
with our parallel states.